docs: Add dagger cloud CTA, improve readability (#10185)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/features/visualization.mdx

Dagger works by building up a DAG of operations and evaluating them, often in parallel. By nature, this is a difficult thing to display. It's easy to show the output of one operation at a time, but as soon as you have parallelism, you'll get jumbled output that's hard to understand.

> This quickly creates the need to visualize the pipeline to understand and measure your pipelines. Dagger includes two features for this purpose - a [Terminal UI](#terminal-ui) and traces with [Dagger Cloud](#traces) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quickly creates the need to visualize your pipelines to understand and measure what's going on. Dagger includes two features for this purpose - a [Terminal UI](#terminal-ui) and [Dagger Cloud's Traces](#traces).
```

## Terminal UI

The [Dagger CLI](../reference/cli/) includes a real-time visualization feature called the terminal UI (TUI). It shows a full-blown DAG in a style similar to `git log --graph`, with the current state of your DAG's evaluation and a full snapshot of all output at the end.

### Rapid Iteration

The TUI is designed for rapid iteration, in the same way regular scripting works: you run a command, it shows live progress, and then leaves all the output in your terminal scrollback.

Here's an example of it in action:

![Dagger TUI](/img/current_docs/features/tui.gif)

The TUI renders a tree of Dagger API calls, represented as GraphQL queries. A parent-child relationship means that the child call is being made by the parent call.

- A red X or green check indicates whether the call succeeded or failed.
- A call's duration is rendered after its name.

> ### Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Errors

```

Reviewer: since there is an extra line after other headings

Dagger works by building up a DAG of operations and evaluating them, often in parallel. By nature, this is a difficult thing to display. It's easy to show the output of one operation at a time, but as soon as you have parallelism, you'll get jumbled output that's hard to understand.

> This quickly creates the need to visualize your pipelines to understand and measure what's going on. Dagger includes two features for this purpose - a [Terminal UI](#terminal-ui) and [Dagger Cloud's Traces](#traces).

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to start transitioning from `pipeline` to `workflow` everywhere? Note: doesn't need to be part of this PR.

Author: Yeah, might be worth bringing up in our next call?

## Terminal UI

> The [Dagger CLI](../reference/cli/) includes a real-time visualization feature called the terminal UI (TUI). It shows a full-blown DAG in a style similar to `git log --graph`, with the current state of your DAG's evaluation and a full snapshot of all output at the end.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this is not the best link because it's just a reference, wdyt about `../api/cli.mdx` instead?

Author: Done!

> ### Rapid Iteration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Rapid iteration
```

We generally use sentence case for headings apart from the title.

## Terminal UI

> The [Dagger CLI](../api/cli/) includes a real-time visualization feature called the terminal UI (TUI). It shows a full-blown DAG in a style similar to `git log --graph`, with the current state of your DAG's evaluation and a full snapshot of all output at the end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Dagger CLI](../api/cli.mdx) includes a real-time visualization feature called the terminal UI (TUI). It shows a full-blown DAG in a style similar to `git log --graph`, with the current state of your DAG's evaluation and a full snapshot of all output at the end.
```

Reviewer 2: IMO better to link to the file than the URL, because the URL can be changed in doc metadata and then a broken link to the URL will not trigger an error, but a broken link to a file will.

## Traces

[Dagger Cloud](https://dagger.cloud) provides Traces, a browser-based interface focused on tracing and debugging Dagger Functions. A Trace represents one invocation of a Dagger Function, run locally or in CI. It contains detailed information about the operations performed by the Dagger Function.

:::info

> Dagger Cloud is a hosted service helps visualize your pipelines in a friendly way. You can create a free account by visiting [dagger.cloud](https://dagger.cloud).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dagger Cloud is a hosted service to help visualize your pipelines in a friendly way. You can create a free account by visiting [dagger.cloud](https://dagger.cloud).
```

![Dagger Trace](/img/current_docs/features/trace.webp)

### OpenTelemetry

> Dagger uses [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) as its telemetry protocol. Each Dagger Function call is represented as an [OpenTelemetry trace](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/traces/). The operations performed by the Dagger Function are represented as [OpenTelemetry spans](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/traces/#spans). A span can emit several effects, which are the operations generated in the span. For example, the `withDirectory()` span generates all the necessary operations to provide a directory with excluded and included elements. For this, it first loads a directory, and then creates a new one from scratch inside the container, generating two distinct steps (effects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dagger uses [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) (OTel) as its telemetry protocol -- both the [TUI](#terminal-ui) and [Traces](#traces) are powered by OTel. Each Dagger Function call is represented as an [OpenTelemetry trace](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/traces/). The operations performed by the Dagger Function are represented as [OpenTelemetry spans](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/traces/#spans). A span can emit several effects, which are the operations generated in the span. For example, the `withDirectory()` span generates all the necessary operations to provide a directory with excluded and included elements. For this, it first loads a directory, and then creates a new one from scratch inside the container, generating two distinct steps (effects).
```

![Trace details](/img/current_docs/features/trace-details.png)

> ### Timeline View

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Timeline view
```
